[KIC 2.0] prometheus metrics update (#3304)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/kubernetes-ingress-controller/2.0.x/references/prometheus.md

| Metric name | Description |
|-------------|-------------|
| `ingress_controller_configuration_push_count[success=true|false][protocol=db-less|deck]` | Count of successful/failed configuration pushes to Kong. `protocol` describes the configuration protocol (`db-less` or `deck`) in use. `success` describes whether there were unrecoverable errors (`false`) or not (`true`).|

> | `ingress_controller_translation_count[success=true|false]` | Count of translations from Kubernetes state to Kong state. `success` describes whether there were unrecoverable errors (`false`) or not (`true`). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ingress_controller_translation_count[success=true|false]` | Count of translations from Kubernetes state to Kong state. <br><br> `success` logs the status of configuration updates. If `success` is `false`, an unrecoverable error occurred.  If `success` is `true`, the translation succeeded with no errors. |
```
